Allow to pass Ltac1 values to Ltac2 quotations. (#10880)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proof-engine/ltac2.rst

Same as above by switching Ltac1 by Ltac2 and using the `ltac2` quotation
instead.

.. productionlist:: coq
  ltac_expr : ltac2 : ( `ltac2_term` )
            : ltac2 : ( `ident` ... `ident` |- `ltac2_term` )

The typing rules are dual, that is, the optional identifiers are bound
with type `Ltac2.Ltac1.t` in the Ltac2 expression, which is expected to have
type unit. The value returned by this quotation is an Ltac1 function with the
same arity as the number of bound variables.

Note that when no variables are bound, the inner tactic expression is evaluated
eagerly, if one wants to use it as an argument to a Ltac1 function, one has to

> resort to the good old :n:`idtac; ltac2:(foo)` trick. For instance, the code

Reviewer: I suggest the following improvement, related to my question in #10908:

```suggestion
resort to the good old :n:`ltac:( idtac; ltac2:(@ltac2_expr) )` trick. For instance, the code
```

Author: This doesn't scale insofar as you might actually build more complex Ltac1 expressions involving the quotation. This is written for people already knowing the quirks of Ltac1, otherwise what's the point of hooking into a broken language?

Reviewer: OK, as you wish.

.. coqtop:: all

   Ltac mytac tac := idtac "I am being evaluated"; tac.

   Goal True.
   Proof.

>    Fail mytac ltac2:(fail).

Reviewer: You could also add the corresponding example where "I am being evaluated is printed".
